README.md, before:

# Clinical Data Quality Analyzer

A web application for analyzing data quality in clinical trial datasets using LLM and Pyodide. Features CDISC SDTM mapping suggestions.

## Features

- Select from predefined clinical trial datasets (EDC, ePRO, IVRS, Lab)
- View column descriptions and metadata from configuration
- Get CDISC SDTM mapping suggestions for each dataset
- Analyze data quality using Python code generated by LLM
- Execute Python code in the browser using Pyodide
- Get a summary of data quality issues and recommendations

## How to Use

1. Open `index.html` in a web browser
2. Select a dataset from the available cards
3. Review the column descriptions and SDTM mapping suggestions
4. Click "Analyze Data" to start the quality analysis
5. View the generated Python code, analysis results, and summary

## Technical Details

- Built with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Bootstrap 5
- Uses Pyodide for running Python code in the browser
- Integrates with LLM API for:
  - CDISC SDTM mapping suggestions
  - Python code generation
  - Data quality analysis
  - Results summarization
- Configuration-driven dataset selection and metadata

## Setup

1. Configure your datasets in `config.json`:
   - Dataset metadata (id, file, title, description)
   - Column descriptions
2. Place your CSV files in the `dataset` folder
3. Set your API token in `script.js`:

```javascript
let token = "your_token_here"; // Replace with your actual token
```

## Dependencies

- Bootstrap 5.3.0
- Marked (for Markdown rendering)
- Pyodide 0.27.0

## Browser Compatibility

This application works best in modern browsers that support ES6+ features and Web Workers.

Commit message:

csv parsed using xlsx library

README.md, after:

# Clinical Data Quality Analyzer

A web application for analyzing data quality in clinical trial datasets using LLM and Pyodide. Features CDISC SDTM mapping suggestions.

## Features

- Select from predefined clinical trial datasets (EDC, ePRO, IVRS, Lab)
- View column descriptions and metadata from configuration
- Get CDISC SDTM mapping suggestions for each dataset
- Analyze data quality using Python code generated by LLM
- Execute Python code in the browser using Pyodide
- Get a summary of data quality issues and recommendations

## How to Use

1. Open `index.html` in a web browser
2. Select a dataset from the available cards
3. Review the column descriptions and SDTM mapping suggestions
4. Click "Analyze Data" to start the quality analysis
5. View the generated Python code, analysis results, and summary

## Technical Details

- Built with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Bootstrap 5
- Uses XLSX library for robust CSV parsing and data extraction
- Uses Pyodide for running Python code in the browser
- Integrates with LLM API for:
  - CDISC SDTM mapping suggestions
  - Python code generation
  - Data quality analysis
  - Results summarization
- Configuration-driven dataset selection and metadata

## Setup

1. Configure your datasets in `config.json`:
   - Dataset metadata (id, file, title, description)
   - Column descriptions
2. Place your CSV files in the `dataset` folder
3. Set your API token in `script.js`:


## Dependencies

- Bootstrap 5.3.0
- Marked (for Markdown rendering)
- Pyodide 0.27.0

## Browser Compatibility

This application works best in modern browsers that support ES6+ features and Web Workers.
